
|  Key  | Value                                                                          |  
|  ---  |--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|  
|  Date :  | 04-12-2024                                                                     |  
|  Time :  | 14:45 - 15:30                                                                  |  
|  Location :  | DW PC1 Cubicle 9                                                               |  
|  Chair  | Lapo Masiero                                                                   |  
|  Minute  Taker  | Luca van der Westerlaken                                                       |  
|  Attendees :  | Maksymilian Sobiech, Tijn Bosman, Buia Aurelian , Floris van Engelen |

Agenda  Items :
-  Opening and Check-in: How is everyone doing (5 min)
-  Announcements by the team (1 min)
-  Approval  of  the  agenda  -  Does  anyone  have  any  additions  or complaints?  (1 min)
-  Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)
-  Presentation of the current app to TA & possible feedback (2 min)
-  Talking  Points :  ( Inform /  brainstorm /  decision  making /  discuss )
    - [Discuss] Buddy Testing System / Pair Programming review (5 min)
    - [Discuss] What is our next objective? i.e: [Product backlog points 4.2-4.6](https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/le/content/680691/viewContent/4042422/View)  (1 min)
      - [Discuss] [Multi-Collection](https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/common/assets/pdfjs-d2l-dist/1.0.14-legacy/web/viewer.html?file=%2Fcontent%2Fenforced%2F680691-CSE1105%2B2024%2B2%2Fbacklog.pdf%3Fou%3D680691&lang=en-us&container=d2l-fileviewer-rendered-pdf&fullscreen=d2l-fileviewer-rendered-pdf-dialog&height=569#subsection.4.2) (4 min)
      - [Discuss] [Embedded Files](https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/common/assets/pdfjs-d2l-dist/1.0.14-legacy/web/viewer.html?file=%2Fcontent%2Fenforced%2F680691-CSE1105%2B2024%2B2%2Fbacklog.pdf%3Fou%3D680691&lang=en-us&container=d2l-fileviewer-rendered-pdf&fullscreen=d2l-fileviewer-rendered-pdf-dialog&height=569#subsection.4.3) (4 min)
      - [Discuss] [Interconnected content](https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/common/assets/pdfjs-d2l-dist/1.0.14-legacy/web/viewer.html?file=%2Fcontent%2Fenforced%2F680691-CSE1105%2B2024%2B2%2Fbacklog.pdf%3Fou%3D680691&lang=en-us&container=d2l-fileviewer-rendered-pdf&fullscreen=d2l-fileviewer-rendered-pdf-dialog&height=569#subsection.4.4)(4 min)
      - [Discuss] [Automated change Sync](https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/common/assets/pdfjs-d2l-dist/1.0.14-legacy/web/viewer.html?file=%2Fcontent%2Fenforced%2F680691-CSE1105%2B2024%2B2%2Fbacklog.pdf%3Fou%3D680691&lang=en-us&container=d2l-fileviewer-rendered-pdf&fullscreen=d2l-fileviewer-rendered-pdf-dialog&height=569#subsection.4.5) (4 min)
      - [Discuss] [Live Language Switch](https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/common/assets/pdfjs-d2l-dist/1.0.14-legacy/web/viewer.html?file=%2Fcontent%2Fenforced%2F680691-CSE1105%2B2024%2B2%2Fbacklog.pdf%3Fou%3D680691&lang=en-us&container=d2l-fileviewer-rendered-pdf&fullscreen=d2l-fileviewer-rendered-pdf-dialog&height=569#subsection.4.6) (3 min)
    - [Discuss] Distribution of work (3 min)
-  Summarize  action  points :  Who ,  what ,  when ?  (2  min )
-  Feedback  round :  What  went  well  and  what  can  be  improved  next  time ?  (2  min)
-  Planned  meeting  duration  !=  actual  duration ?  Where / why  did  you  mis - estimate ?  (1 min)
-  Question  round :  Does  anyone  have  anything  to  add  before  the  meeting  closes ?  (1 min)
-  Closure  (1  min)

[Notes]
- Meeting started at: 14:45
  - Check-in:
     - Aurelian fixed issues + working on searchbar.
     - Floris: struggled with virtual machine + almost done adding the "add title" feature.
     - Maks: 
     - Lapo: Markdown rendering error popup fixed.
     - Luca: Added delete button. 
     - Tijn: Finished COC. Not done with "create note" button but working on it right now.
  - Feedback TA on current app:
    - Darius: "Looks good and seems like you are on track". 
- [Talking points]
  - Buddy testing system review:
     - Floris & Aurelian: Enjoyed it! Learned from each other and helped each other.
     - Maks & Tijn: Did not do it this week but will give it a serious try this week.
     - Lapo & Luca: Went great. Was way easier wokring on an issue together. 
  - Next objectives:
     - Multi-collection: Should be implemented early. <<<<<<<< (read "spring bean annotation", auralian)
     - Embedded files: Half implemented already. might be a good option for soon.
     - Interconnected content: Too hard for now. keep for later.
     - Automated change sync: Should be easy to implement alongside other features <<<<<<<<< (For extra LOC)
     - Live language switch: Fairly easy, probably. Will do later when UI is more or less finished.
  - Distribution of work:
    - Multi-collection (talk today): Team will go to flux after meeting to further distribute work for this week.
    - (Luca) Create issues for multi-collection. 
- [AP]
   - Buddy groups:
      - Luca and Lapo (Issues #13 and #18).
      - Floris and Aurelian (Issues #12 and #11 )
      - Tijn and Maks (Issues #10 and #14).
  - Feedback team:
     - Great work again this week! Just make sure we have 2 MR reviewers for big additions, 1 reviewer for a bugfix will suffice.
- Meeting closed at: 15:28
- Planned meeting duration: (45 min) 2 minutes early. Spent less time on check-in than expected.