| Key           | Value                                                                      |  
|---------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|  
| Date :        | 08-01-2025                                                                 |  
| Time :        | 14:45 - 15:30                                                              |  
| Location :    | DW PC1 Cubicle 9                                                           |  
| Chair  :      | Tijn Bosman                                                                |
| Minute Taker: | Floris van Engelen                                                         |  
| Attendees :   | Maksymilian Sobiech, Lapo Masiero, Buia Aurelian, Luca van der Westerlaken |

Agenda Items:
-  Opening and Check-in: How is everyone doing (3 min)
-  Announcements by the team (1 min)
-  Approval  of  the  agenda  -  Does  anyone  have  any  additions  or complaints?  (1 min)
-  Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)

-  Announcements by the TA (2 min)
-  Presentation of the current app to TA & possible feedback (2 min)

-  Talking Points : ( Inform / Brainstorm / Decision-making / Discuss )
  - [Discuss] Maks' Refactor (10 min)
  - [Discuss] What is our next objective, do we want to start on something new? (5 min)
  - [Decision-Making] Deciding on everyone's next Issue to tackle (7 min)
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when
- Feedback  round :  What  went  well  and  what  can  be  improved  next  time ?  (2  min)
- Planned  meeting  duration  !=  actual  duration ?  Where / why  did  you  mis - estimate ?  (1 min)
- Question  round :  Does  anyone  have  anything  to  add  before  the  meeting  closes ?  (1 min)
- Closure  (1  min)


[Notes]
- Meeting started at: 14:44
  - Check-in:
    - Vacation was good!
    - Aurelian and Luca are not here today due to the IP resit
    - Floris: Edit title button and unique title fix
    - Maks: refactoring NoteOverviewCtrl, merge conflict so some code was commented. 
    - Lapo: wrote a lot of tests
    - Tijn: pop-up for edit collections, buttons not functional yet
  - Announcements by TA:
    - Project feedback should be available soon, keep in mind that the project is due in week 9 (not 10)
    - Issue estimates need to be 3-4 hours.
  - Feedback TA on current app:
    - Looks nice, live language switch would be a nice addition. 
    - Web sockets should be doable, with a video from sebastian. Wait for that till we are a bit further in the 
  - [Talking Points]
    - [Discuss] Maks' Refactor (10 min)
    - [Discuss] What is our next objective, do we want to start on something new? (5 min)
      - Finish collections is the priority
      - We could start on live language switch
      - Also focus on GitLab; make sure to make good issues with estimates of 3-4 hours
      - There are also a few bugs that still need to be fixed: e.g. error pop-up for non-unique title
    - [Decision-Making] Deciding on everyone's next Issue to tackle (7 min)
  - [Action Points]
    - Everyone: estimates of 3-4 hours on every issue
    - Tijn: finish the collections pop-up to look the way it's supposed to look (without all of the functionality)
    - Maks: working on live language switch 
    - Floris: Frontend tests
    - Lapo: Adding a default collection
    - Aurelian and Luca: TBD (whatsapp or next meeting (saturday))
  - [Next Meeting]
    - We will have an online meeting on saturday morning, the time will be discussed on Whatsapp
  - [Feedback Round]
    - Keep up the good work
    - Meeting closed at 15:21
    - Planned meeting duration: (37 min) was exactly right