
|  Key  |  Value  |  
|  ---  |  ---  |  
|  Date :  |  20-11-2024  |  
|  Time :  |  14:45 - 15:30 |  
|  Location :  |  DW PC1 Cubicle 9  |  
|  Chair  |  Maksymilian Sobiech  |  
|  Minute  Taker  |  Aurelian Buia |  
|  Attendees :  |   Lapo Masiero , Tijn Bosman, Luca van der Westerlaken, Floris van Engelen |

Agenda  Items :  
-  Opening  by  chair  (1  min)  
-  Introductions   (5  min)  
-  Approval  of  the  agenda  -  Does  anyone  have  any  additions  or complaints?  (1  min)  
-  Announcements  by  the  TA  (4  min)  
-  Talking  Points :  ( Inform /  brainstorm /  decision  making /  discuss )  
	- [Inform] Way of working (Management of Issues on Gitlab)  (7  min)  
	- [Discuss] Scope of work that should be done in one sprint  (2  min)  
	- [Inform] Convention of commits we want to stick to (www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) 
	 (1  min) 
	 - [Brainstorm ] Checkstyle issue (2 min)
	- [Decision making] How often should we establish the Milestones and Time Reports in Gitlab(2 min)
	- [Discuss] Distribution of work (7 min)
	- [Discuss] Initial Code of Conduct discussion (3 min)
-  Summarize  action  points :  Who ,  what ,  when ?  (2  min )  
-  Feedback  round :  What  went  well  and  what  can  be  improved  next  time ?  (3  min)  
-  Planned  meeting  duration  !=  actual  duration ?  Where / why  did  you  mis - estimate ?  (2 min)
-  Question  round :  Does  anyone  have  anything  to  add  before  the  meeting  closes ?  (2 min)  
-  Closure  (1  min)