| Key           | Value                                                                      |  
|---------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|  
| Date :        | 15-01-2025                                                                 |  
| Time :        | 14:45 - 15:30                                                              |  
| Location :    | DW PC1 Cubicle 9                                                           |  
| Chair  :      | Floris van Engelen                                                         |
| Minute Taker: | Maksymilian Sobiech                                                        |  
| Attendees :   | Tijn Bosman, Lapo Masiero, Buia Aurelian, Luca van der Westerlaken         |

Agenda Items:
-  Opening and Check-in: How is everyone doing (1 min)
-  Announcements by the team (1 min)
-  Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions or complaints? (1 min)
-  Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)

-  Action Points check: Did we get everything done? (5 min)
    - Tijn: finish the collections pop-up to look the way it's supposed to look (without all of the functionality)
    - Maks: working on live language switch
    - Floris: Frontend tests
    - Lapo: Adding a default collection
    - Aurelian and Luca: what issues did you choose?
    - Everyone: estimates of 3-4 hours on every issue
    - Meeting last saturday
-  Announcements by the TA (2 min)
-  Presentation of the current app to TA & possible feedback (2 min)

-  Talking Points: (Inform/Brainstorm/Decision-making/Discuss)
- [Discuss] What is our next objective - do we still want to add new features or focus on refining from now on ? (6 min)
- [Decision-Making] Deciding on everyone's next Issue to tackle (7 min)
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when (1 min)
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)
- Question  round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (1 min)
- Planned meeting duration (32 min) != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (1 min)
- Closure  (1  min)

Notes:
Meeting started at 14:45
-  Check-in and announcements by the team:
    - Everyone had a good weekend.
    - Addition to agenda: Change issue for default collection, Bug with refreshing notes and collections.
    - Progress form each team member:
      - Tijn: Buttons and scene for popup with collections.
      - Maks: Added live language change to the app. It reloads the scene so remember it.
      - Floris: Wrote the frontend test.(Still need to fix it since they are not used currently)
      - Lapo: Added Default Collection. It initializes when the server is started. New notes are added to the default collection.
      - Aurelian: Server Status in Collection popup. Started the issue with small descriptions for collections.
      - Luca: Added dropdown for collection change.
    - Most of us did the 3-4h estimates on issues.
-  Announcements by the TA
    - Announcements: 
      - Change checkstyle to make it fail the pipeline.
-  Presentation of the current app to TA & possible feedback
    - Feedback:
      - Feedback was already added at Monday 
-  Talking Points: (Inform/Brainstorm/Decision-making/Discuss)
- [Discuss] What is our next objective - do we still want to add new features or focus on refining from now on ?
    - Adding websockets. (Lapo)
    - Add colours feature. (Aurelian)
    - Add embedded files. (Maks)
    - Bug with shortcuts.
    - Add question mark with all the shortcuts or change it in README.md (preferably the question mark)
    - Bug with collection pop-us not opening when the language is changed. 
- [Decision-Making] Deciding on everyone's next Issue to tackle
    - Lapo: Websockets for real-time update.
    - Maks: Embedded Files.
    - Aurelian: Color change.
    - Luca: Fixing the dropdown menu for collection choice.
    - Tijn: Shortcuts bug fixing. (Ctrl+D and Enter for editing the title)
    - Floris: Adding the undo and other Accessibility requirements.
- Other things that were mentioned:
    - None
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when
    - Lapo: Websockets for real-time update.
    - Maks: Embedded Files.
    - Aurelian: Color change.
    - Luca: Fixing the dropdown menu for collection choice.
    - Tijn: Shortcuts bug fixing. (Ctrl+D and Enter for editing the title)
    - Floris: Adding the undo and other Accessibility requirements.
- Question  round:
    - What should we do with the Default button issue? 
      - Change the issue from "Create a button" to "Add functionality to button"
    - What does short description of Collection mean? 
      - Short Description for collections means a name that will be displayed in the UI everywhere instead of the normal title.
- Feedback:
    - Consensus was reached that the meeting was good. :) 
Meeting closed at 15:17
