|  Key  |  Value  |  
|  ---  |  ---  |  
|  Date :  |  22-01-2025  |  
|  Time :  |  14:45 - 15:30 |  
|  Location :  |  DW PC1 Cubicle 9  |  
|  Chair  |  Maksymilian Sobiech  |  
|  Minute  Taker  |  Aurelian Buia |  
|  Attendees :  |   Lapo Masiero , Tijn Bosman, Luca van der Westerlaken, Floris van Engelen |

Agenda  Items :  
-  Opening  by  and check how everyone is doing  (1  min) 
-  Announcements by the team (1 min)
-  Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions or complaints? (1 min)
-  Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)
-  Action Points check: Did we get everything done? (7 min)
    - Lapo: Websockets for real-time update.
    - Maks: Embedded Files.
    - Aurelian: Color change.
    - Luca: Fixing the dropdown menu for collection choice.
    - Tijn: Shortcuts bug fixing. (Ctrl+D and Enter for editing the title)
    - Floris: Adding the undo and other Accessibility requirements.
-  Announcements  by  the  TA  (2  min)  
-  Talking  Points :  ( Inform /  brainstorm /  decision  making /  discuss )  
    - [Inform] Progress in the app. Do we want do add anything (5 min)
    - [Discuss] Tackling the accesibility issues and other things that were pointed out in feedback (7 min)
	- [Discuss] Finishing the collection feature. (3 min)
	- [Discuss] Final polishes and when do we want to submit the final version. (3 min)
-  Summarize  action  points :  Who ,  what ,  when ?  (5  min )  
-  Feedback  round :  What  went  well  and  what  can  be  improved  next  time ?  (3  min)  
-  Planned  meeting  duration  !=  actual  duration ?  Where / why  did  you  mis - estimate ?  (1 min)
-  Question  round :  Does  anyone  have  anything  to  add  before  the  meeting  closes ?  (1 min)  
-  Closure  (1  min)
