# Notes:
Meeting started at 14:49

##### Check-in and announcements by the team:

- Everyone had a good weekend.
- Luca is out of the project sadly 

##### Progress form each team member:

- Tijn: Shortcuts and bug fixing + Backend Tests
- Maks: Embedded Files
- Floris: Accessibility requirements
- Lapo: Websockets for Real Time Updates
- Aurelian: Dark Mode (Meaningful feature)

##### Announcements by the TA
- None

##### Presentation of the current app to TA & possible feedback

##### Talking Points: (Inform/Brainstorm/Decision-making/Discuss)

- We are not adding more features. (only acccesibility)
- Pop-up when server closes
- Change checkstyle to make it fail the pipeline.

##### [Decision-Making] Deciding on everyone's next Issue to tackle

- Accessibility features
- Maks: Fix collections  + Server unavailable pop-up
- Lapo: Websockets tests + Checkstyle + Edit pop-up 
- Aurelian: Fix darkmode
- Tijns: Collection view
- Floris: README + Help button


##### When do we want to finish:

- Meeting on Friday to discuss

##### Other things that were mentioned:
- Put 4h estimates on issues
- Fix translation in Romanian.


##### Question  round:
- Lapo explained how WebSockets work


##### Feedback:

Consensus was reached that the meeting was good. :)
Meeting closed at 15:31
